hey what's up
I'm Eddie and I've been to comic-con
once or twice I think and so this video
is basically for you if you've never
been to comic-con you're thinking about
going this year it's great but there are
definitely some characters that you're
gonna want to steer clear of there's
gonna be some people that are attending
comic-con you're gonna want to avoid one
of the first group of people that you're
going to want to avoid is the made-up
characters now these people I don't
really understand them they come to
comic-con and I don't know if they think
they're gonna get like a comic book deal
out of it or they think they're gonna
get signed I just don't really
understand these people now young lady
or beeline whatever you are can you
please come over here I'd like to talk
to you for a second now what are what
are you see that when you have to ask
what are you it I don't really
understand it at comic-con but yes okay
please what what and what is your your
character Wrangler the cat Wrangler now
the cat Wrangler I don't ever remember
seeing a comic book with the cat
Wrangler okay
um see this is the kind of thing you
want to avoid now cat Wrangler are you
what are you here for like what are you
are you a dog person
nah you might want to think like this
would be a cool person to take a picture
with it really isn't like right now she
currently is marking her territory and
it's really uncomfortable it's like a
creepy version of Amanda Bynes and
Amanda Bynes is already creepy okay I'm
gonna go ahead and take off now but this
is one of the people you want to come
across all right one of the other people
kind of people you're gonna meet at
comic-con one of the Comic Con attendees
are gonna meet is this sexy nerd okay
a sexy nerd is somebody that on paper
seems like oh man look at her she is hot
right whoo check her out the princess
get up it's late get up ooh that's so
sexy right no it's not I'm telling you
right now this girl has issues she's a
weirdo okay you what else would she be
at comic-con okay the only time she ever
looks good at one time any people never
really want to like be with her or
thinks she's sexy is here at comic-con
okay the rest of the time she is a dork
okay so it's a kind of sexy in disguise
and you're in the collector and the only
time that you know people will ever want
to like be around her take pictures with
her is at comic-con when you're not at
comic-con it's scary it's she's a weirdo
I mean look at her okay this is how she
is a fool
like you don't want anything to do with
that this is actually gross so it looks
really good now but when you get it home
yeah so avoid the sexy nerd all right
joining me now is the third and final
group that you're gonna find at
comic-con the total freak shows now
these are the type of people come on
observe these are the type of people
super bility aren't sure about and I
would highly recommend avoiding I okay
um you don't really know what to expect
when you have the total freak show
case in point sir what are what are you
what are you what are you
konnichiwa yes yes so are you with
Japanese anime or what I don't I'm not
really sure what you're doing your legs
the outfit is very serious what a big
bowl okay yeah these are the type of
people that when you are at comic-con
you're gonna see a lot of them to use
are you a long time I'll just go in an
opposite direction or a call the
security or something because this is
not normal this is not natural are all I
am okay please sir um and if they are
touching you then really like get away
as fast as you can that's not so sir
wouldn't what is it you're here
what is it you're here to do or see or
what are you interested in here at
comic-con
one thing I don't know what you're even
doing okay translated I'm here to be
seen oh oh oh and I know maybe your
instinct is oh I gotta take a picture
with this guy
don't $5 nutsy don't yeah I don't let me
picture you all night oh no no ixnay on
the picture a so yeah this is the total
freak show at comic-con avoid what I
wanna Bing Bing
you